---
title: Administrative Task with IIS 7
description: 
published: true
date: 2021-12-16T19:56:00.028Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2021-12-16T19:56:00.028Z
---


> Reference: http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc771979(v=ws.10).aspx
{.is-info}

### **Install IIS 7**

IIS 7.0 is not installed by default on Windows Server 2008. You can install IIS using Server Manager. The ‘Add Roles Wizard’ will walk you through the process and prompt you for any required information. The steps for installing IIS 7.0 are described in detail below.

1. Click Start, point to Administrative Tools and click Server Manager.
1. Click Add Roles.
1. The Add Roles Wizard will appear. Click Next.
1. If any required features are missing, you will be prompted to install them by clicking the Add Required Features button.
1. From the Select Server Roles window, click the box beside the Web Server (IIS) option. Click Next.
1. Click Next.
1. Select the specific role services to install for IIS. If you are unsure what a service is for, select the service and a short description will appear.
1. Click Next.
1. Review your installation selections and click Install.
1. When the installation is complete, review the results in the ‘Installation Results’ window and click Close.

### Add Websites

- Open IIS Manager.

- In the Connections pane, right-click the Sites node in the tree, and then click Add Web Site.

- In the Add Web Site dialog box, type a friendly name for your Web site in the Web site name box.

- Click Select if you want to select a different application pool than the one listed in the Application Pool box. In the Select Application Pool dialog box, select an application pool from the Application Pool list and then click OK.
 
- In the Physical path box, type the physical path of the Web site's folder, or click the browse button (...) to navigate the file system to find the folder.

- If the physical path that you entered in step 5 is to a remote share, click Connect as to specify credentials that have permission to access the path. If you do not use specific credentials, select the Application user (pass-through authentication) option in the Connect As dialog box.

- Select the protocol for the Web site from the Type list.
 
- The default value in the IP address box is All Unassigned. If you must specify a static IP address for the Web site, type the IP address in the IP address box.
 
- Type a port number in the Port text box.

- Optionally, type a host header name for the Web site in the Host Header box.

- If you do not have to make any changes to the site, and you want the Web site to be immediately available, select the Start Web site immediately check box.

- Click OK.

### Create a Virtual Directory 

Web applications consist of directories and files. When you create a Web site, the site contains a root application. Part of the root application is the path of a directory that contains the content that the Web server returns in responses to requests.

There are two types of directories: physical and virtual. A physical directory is a directory that is located in the physical file system of a computer, and it can contain files and additional directories. A virtual directory is a directory name that you specify in IIS and map to a physical directory on a local or remote server. You can use virtual directories to include content in your application without having to move or copy files to the application's directory.

- Open IIS Manager.
- 
- In the Connections pane, expand the Sites node in the tree, and then click to select the site in which you want to create a virtual directory.

- In the Actions pane, click View Virtual Directories.

- On the Virtual Directories page, in the Actions pane, click Add Virtual Directory.

- In the Add Virtual Directory dialog box, type a name in the Alias text box. This alias is used to access the content from a URL.

- In the Physical path text box, type the physical path of the content folder, or click Browse to navigate through the file system to find the folder.

- Optionally, click Connect as to specify credentials that have permission to access the physical path. If you do not use specific credentials, select the Application user (pass-through authentication) option in the Connect As dialog box.

- Optionally, click Test Settings to verify the settings that you specified for the virtual directory.

- Click OK.

### Create a Web Application

- Open IIS Manager.

- In the Connections pane, expand the Sites node.

- Right-click the site for which you want to create an application, and click Add Application.

- In the Alias text box, type a value for the application URL, such as marketing. This value is used to access the application in a URL.

- Click Select if you want to select a different application pool than the one listed in the Application pool box. In the Select Application Pool dialog box, select an application pool from the Application pool list and then click OK.

- In the Physical path text box, type the physical path of the application's folder, or click the browse button (...) to navigate the file system to find the folder.
 
- Optionally, click Connect as to specify credentials that have permission to access the physical path. If you do not use specific credentials, select the Application user (pass-through authentication) option on the Connect As dialog box.

- Optionally, click Test Settings to verify the settings that you specified for the application.

- Click OK.

### Create an Application Pool

- Open IIS Manager.
- 
- In the Connections pane, expand the server node and click Application Pools.
- 
- On the Application Pools page, in the Actions pane, click Add Application Pool.
- 
- On the Add Application Pool dialog box, type a friendly name for the application pool in the Name box.
- 
- From the .NET Framework version list, select the version of the .NET Framework required by your managed applications, modules, and handlers. Or select No Managed Code if the applications that you run in this application pool do not require the .NET Framework.
- 
- From the Managed pipeline mode list, select one of the following options:

     - Integrated, if you want to use the integrated IIS and ASP.NET request- processing pipeline.
    - Classic, if you want to use IIS and ASP.NET request-     processing modes separately. In classic mode, managed code is processed by using Aspnet_isapi.dll instead of the IIS 7 integrated pipeline.
    
- Select Start application pool immediately to start the application pool whenever the WWW service is started. By default, this is selected.

- Click OK.

### Start or Stop an Application Pool

1. Open IIS Manager.

1. In the Connections pane, expand the server node and click Application Pools.

1. On the Application Pools page, select the application pool you want to start or stop.

1. In the Actions pane, use one of the following procedures:

    - Click Start to start the application pool.
    - Click Stop to stop the application pool

### Edit a Custom HTTP Error Response

- Open IIS Manager and navigate to the level you want to manage.

- In Features View, double-click Error Pages.

- On the Error Pages page, click to select the error you want to change.

- In the Actions pane, click Edit.

- In the Edit Custom Error Page dialog box, select one of the following:

   - Insert content from static file into the error response if your error content is static, such as an .html file.
   - Execute a URL on this site if your error content is dynamic, such as an .asp file.
   - Respond with a 302 redirect if you are redirecting a client browser to a different URL.
   
- In the File path text box, type the path of the custom error page if Insert content from static file into the error response is the chosen path type. If using either the Execute a URL on this site or Respond with a 302 redirect path type, type, instead, the URL of the custom error page. Click OK.

### Configure the Information to Display in a Directory Listing

- Open IIS Manager 
- In Features View, double-click Directory Browsing.
- 
- On the Directory Browsing page, select or click to clear the following check boxes based on your preferences:

   - Time to display the last modified time for each file. 
   - Size to display the size of each file.
   - Extension to display the extension with the file.
   - Date to display the last modified date for each file.
   - Long date to display the last modified date for each file in extended format.
   
- Click Apply in the Actions pane.


### Enable or Disable Directory Browsing

1. Open IIS Manager a

1. In Features View, double-click Directory Browsing.

1. In the Actions pane, click Enable if the Directory Browsing feature is disabled and you want to enable it. Or, click Disable if the Directory Browsing feature is enabled and you want to disable it.

### Enable Dynamic Content Compression IIS 7

- Launch your IIS Manager and go to the Compression.

```diagram
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
```

You can see two options under this section.
   - Static Content Compression
   - Dynamic Content Compression
 - Check the boxes to enable the required compression method.
- You may not be able to enable Dynamic Content Compression if the dynamic content compression module is not installed.

```diagram
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
```

- You can install dynamic content compression module from the Server Manager.

- go to the Server Manager >> Roles >> Web Server
- Under Role Services >> installed Roles
- click Add Roles and install dynamic content compression module

```diagram
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
```

- Once Dynamic Content Compression module is installed you can go back to IIS manager >> Compression to enable Dynamic Content Compression
  
  